# To Sum it Up
I am Jack Graddon, a freelance Web Developer and Graphic Designer. I grew up in *Lynden, Washington*, a farming community about five miles south of the Canadian Border. I enjoy designing, and making my design myself gives me a huge sense of pride and accomplishment. I am studying Digital Technology and Culture at Washington State University,...

# Getting Started
My interest in graphic design was started in my younger years at my grandparents house, where I had access to a computer with Microsoft Publisher. Publisher isn't exactly the staple of graphic design software, let alone graphic design software at all, but it is what got me interested in design. This then led to various apps related to graphic design and digital art, such as Procreate and Affinity Designer, which I bought for my iPad Pro (2017) from money made mowing lawns.

# Growing Up
As a child, I grew up with the need to take things apart. I did this to learn how the things Itook apart worked, how they were made. And I often put them back together. Did they work after I put them back together? They worked every time, about 20% of the time. This did however lead me down a path of making things, and making them to look good - visually and aesthetically pleasing. I crave to learn more and more about ways I can make things. And I have learned how to make many different things. I’ve taught myself how to code websites (with HTML, CSS, and JavaScript), how to use design software like Photoshop and Illustrator, and am even starting now on 3D modelling with Blender. I learn as I go, trying new stuff every project. With each new thing I try, I have to learn a new thing.

# School
I took all of the design and coding classes I could possibly take at my High School. Those classes included Graphic Arts I and II, Broadcast I and II, Web Design, Javascript, and AP Computer Science. In Graphic Arts I and II, you have access to Photoshop, Adobe Illustrator, and InDesign to learn the basics of the programs. In Broadcast I and II you learn how to record and edit video for the school's Morning Announcements, and how to make graphics and effects for the videos you record. In Web Design, you learn the basics of HTML, where I took the top of my class fairly quickly. In JavaScript and AP Computer Science, you learn basic fundemental JavaScript to code Arduinos and aid HTML.

# Today
I use a combination of the Adobe and the Affinity Suites, Pixelmator Pro, and Procreate to design, draw, and edit photos. I use Visual Studio Code to write code for my websites, and I use DaVinci Resolve to edit video. You can view my other website projects *here*. I will be attending Wasington State University to study *Digital Technology and Culture*, and plan on traveling to Oceania to further my studies.